Don't waste your time.
If you really don't want to stay here
I can make you disappear from this world completely
They were right just now
My every move is under their control
It's very bad for me to go on like this
Don't think I don't know how careful you are
If you can't be obedient
Don't blame me for being ruthless
If the heart changes, the sky will collapse
The Book of Myriad Changing Sick God's Enemy
Sister Tianxin, this bad baby thinks well
Sisters stop him
Look at that.
He was targeted by the new conspiracy
I don't think he can hold on any longer.
Just looking for death from an arrogant blind man
He deserved it.
So hard
I feel so sorry.
It's a pity that the body of the god of war
If you can be obedient
Would be a great plaything